feat: ABCI engine (#413)
fleek-network/ursa: crates/ursa-application/README.md

# Ursa application layer

> > Ursa's evm based application layer. Bullshark certificates contain txns are forwarded to this layer via an ABCI engine and executed in the vm. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Ursa's EVM-based application layer. Bullshark certificates containing transactions are forwarded to this layer via an ABCI engine and executed in the VM. 
```
